---
layout: posts
title: He’s in a Good Mood This Morning.
date: 2020-09-24
---

I’m writing early today, because this morning, I went on an adventure and am still coming down from the excitement of both the act & the outcome.  Let me go back to about 5:15AM. 
Rex climbs into bed “Mommy, wake up!  Mommy, i need my trucks!  Mommy, i don’t want to nap.”  
“Go sit on the couch Rex, and I will bring you milk & squares.”
“You don’t have to get me milk & squares, Mommy.  Daddy will do it.”
6:00AM Leo bites my arm and simultaneously pulls out seven hairs from my head.  “Okay! I’m up!”
I sit next to Rex on the couch where he is being sweet to me.  I think, “Oh good!  He’s in a good mood--should make for an easy morning.”
6:35 I wake Keith up and tell him the time.  “Oh [profane word of choice]! I gotta go!” {he likes to get to work by 7, but he likes to sleep through his alarm more--in any case, I should have woken him a little sooner so that he could help me get ready for the morning}  
6:43 Rex yells, “No *L*eo, don’t eat that!  Mommy!  He’s going to eat it!”  I look down, and sure enough, Leo is about to eat the kitty litter.  I save Leo from the cat box,  praise Rex for being a good brother, and set Leo down on the other side of me and tell him to go play in the chemical cabinet* instead.  He happily obliged for this alternative. (*there weren’t actually any harmful chemicals in this cabinet--mostly just lysol wipes & toilet paper, and I was right there watching him the whole time.)
6:50-ish:  Putting-Pants-On-Leo is my second least favorite game.  The object of the game is obviously to get pants on Leo, but putting pants on Leo is like putting pants on an octopus that drops & regenerates a leg any time said leg becomes fully enclosed in a pant leg.  I get Leo’s left leg in, work on his right leg, get that one in, find the left leg has come out, re-insert that leg, find that the right one is now naked again, try to hold the left leg in while re-inserting the right leg, both come out, and go back to step 1.
6:55-ish:  i wrestle with Rex to change his diaper--he wants me to chase him around the house.  I do not want to play this game.  This is my least favorite game.  Keith finally holds Rex down so that I can change his diaper and dodge his kicks as I put his pants on his legs (a game that is a little easier to win, but can results in injury if not steadfast enough). Rex is no longer in a good mood.  
7:05: Keith leaves
7:13: I need to take diapers to school!  Grab those.  
Arms full with lunch, diapers, Leo, and phone, walk to car to get boys in car.  
Tell Rex to get in car.  
Set phone down on hood--mental reminder “don’t forget your phone!  Probably shouldn’t make habit of putting phone on hood of car--just this once”.  
Open door and put stuff in car. 
Open door for Rex.  
Put Leo in the car.  
Go inside to grab my keys.  
Rex is still not in the car.  
Put Rex in the car.  
Get myself in the car.  Debate whether to give the screaming Rex a donut.  “Better not…”  
“Where’s my phone?  It’s on the couch!”  
Go inside to get phone.  
It’s not on the couch. 
Look for phone in the car.  I don’t see it, but the bluetooth says I’m connected, so it must be there.  I’ll look when i get home when there won’t be a screaming Rex.
7:23-ish:  Leave house
Stop at red-light.  Rex screams that he doesn’t want to stop at the red light or the green light or the blue lights.  “Don’t stop at the light mommy!”  “I don’t want to drive on this road Mommy! Get on a different road!”  I wonder if i always drive the whole way to school in the left lane.  I suppose I could switch over to the right lane (I’m actually not sure if I did this).  The wipers make a weird thudding sound.  I look at them, but all seems okay.
7:30-ish: kids at school, I’m back in car headed home.  
7:36:  Almost home.  I want my phone (ah! addiction!!!) to play japanese.  Look at radio: “No bluetooth device connected”.  “That’s weird.  When i left it said Gina’s phone connect--OMG!!!!!!  It wasn’t on the couch!  I even reminded myself twice to not forget that it was on the hood!   *The thud!!*  That was my phone!”
7:44:  Leaving house again after retrieving iPad to use Find My.  Says phone is near highschool.  
Parked and searched.
A Garbage truck, no less--Rex’s favorite--beeped at my car.  Go figure, right now, in these 5 minutes while i’m using the only spot close enough to the main road, the garbage truck needs access for his 2 minute requirement.  I’m not telling Rex about this garbage truck.  
Move my car to the jr hs so that the garbage truck can do his thing.
Take iPad back out.
Scan road.  
iPad says I’m close!  I’m actually right back where I was when the garbage truck honked at me.
Then, I see it!  My phone is face down on the shoulder.  I pick it up: a little scratch on the case and a small crack in the corner, but overall, mint condition!
8:02:  Get back home.  Write this blog.

