---
layout: posts
title: "e^(ipi) + 1 = 0"
date: 2020-06-09
---


When I was in college, I was pretty proud of the fact that I was an engineering student.  I loved feeling "smart" even if on relative terms I was not always the sharpest in the class.  I liked feeling smart so much that I would memorize mathmatical concepts and reiterate them in unexpecting moments.

There was one night while I was out at a bar in Urbana-Champagn, I think, where a young man physically got in my way to deliberately block me as I was walking, maybe to the bathroom.  He said, “Tell me something interesting.”  I said, “Please move.”  He said, “For real, tell me something interesting, and then I’ll move.”  I rolled my eyes at him and, thinking it would scare him off, I wittily replied, “Fine.  ‘e’ to the ‘i’ pi equals negative one.” (just saying, I think that’s the first time I’ve ever spelled that equation out).

This guy wasn’t scared off.  No, he was not!  He responded to my smart-ass comment with a huge bear hug while informing me that that was the “hottest thing a girl in a bar has ever said” to him and that he was a mathematics phd student.  Go figure…

What’s my point with that story?  Well, I guess I don’t have one, other than I have finished the Koans and have started working on the Euler project puzzles.  Those are a lot of fun!  

I did one with my guru mentor yesterday, and I have to admit that I was impressed with myself that I not only solved it, but did it while under the pressure of having someone watch me.  I thought I was going to go blank.  I have almost completed the second one today—but did get as far as having it spit out the Fibonacci sequence.  That took some thought, and my code is a mess still, but [pause for emphasis] it works!  It even adds up the even numbers within the sequence.   So that’s very cool.  I’m feeling a pride and a sense of accomplishment that I haven’t felt in a really long time.  

Where did I find the time?  Well, I decided to work remotely again this week (no is telling me not to—thanks CoViD!), and so I do my basic work tasks in the morning, and then focus on the code in the afternoon.  It’s been a fun change of pace.  At this point, I’m pretty much just coasting through my job until they lay me off.  My boss is no idiot; he knows that I’m not working—much.  I get done the requirements, but nothing more.  That’s also nice…  Oh and our maintenance turn around got pushed out another week again, so if I’m lucky, I won’t have to participate in that at all (12 hour days/7 days a week).  

It’s funny.  I was so happy when I was pregnant with Leo that this turn around (yes, this one!) was scheduled for right after I had him, so I’d be out on leave missing it.  Just before I went out, they pushed the TAR out to Q1 immediately following my return-argh!  It was my goal to have a different job by the time of the TAR in February.  Then it got moved to March; then to April, then CoViD moved it to June, and here we are.  It just got moved out again.  This TAR is almost a year late!  We haven’t maintained our plant in a year!  Anyway, enough of that rant.


