---
layout: posts
Title:  Alright
date: 2021-05-13
---

Wow.  I sat down to write about RicRacRoe, and then saw the date.  This is yet another date that I’ve been watching get closer & closer each day.

If you were to hit the back button on your browser and scroll to the bottom (although I really need to re-organize this), you would notice my very first post: Blog Post One.  It didn’t have much to it as I’d spent most of that day just getting everything set up, but it was effectively the first push I ever made.  I’ve made thousands (thanks to trello integration) since then, and I’ve pushed myself repeatedly & recursively (which, i think applies--wow, three clojure commands in line) throughout the last year.

Today was exciting.  Admittedly, I think I’m already behind on all my tasks--i spent too long doing koans to further understand the syntax of Ruby, but i’m considering this an investment of my time in hopes that I will actually be able to get to completion faster than if I hadn’t.  I’ve got the minimax started--i started with the minimax this time.  I may regret having done this, but we will see.  Furthermore, I **think** i know how to get this trello handler to work.

I had to backtrack a lot and follow the functions backwards a ton, and I finally fell on the root that Micah & I had discussed adding a trello-wrapper.  I dug into this, and after about an hour, I was about to change up my game and ask Micah for help, which I didn’t want to do, because his deadline was just moved up by like a week and a half, so he’s very busy, but then I decided to open the anti-forgery wrapper.

It had a long description that I had to read like seven times before I was able to retain and make sense of all the words in my small mind.  :strategy

It defaults to the session token, but as an option, you can give it a different strategy.  It’s a defprotocol, and those have intimidated me since I tried to implement one like six months ago.  I laughed as I typed that.  Being intimidated by a function six months ago was perhaps allowable, but it’s not today.  And it didn’t intimidate me today.  I saw it, and got that initiate remembrance of fear and feeling of “oh, no i can’t do this!”, but I looked at it, considered it.  This is just a Class.  It’s a Protocol, and, aye, I have worked with protocols at this point.  I understand that all I really needed to do was implement its functions.

I did this, and then went back to try it.  And oh no!  The caller is being pushed through the thread macro, and thus, it’s going to be a little more difficult and possibly ugly to get it to turn out right--unless, I just make a new function that calls the one in need.  Huh.  Now that’s an interesting idea…

The other thing that was interesting today was our meeting.  So I never mentioned in detail that a couple weeks back--on my birthday actually--we had a meeting with one of my former employers--a different one than the last.  This one is actually making current efforts to digitalize their paper trail.

A good friend of mine called me about a month or so ago to inquire about what I was actually doing right now--what my job was--and he mentioned this.  He mentioned what a huge pain it has been working with one of their current development companies in that the entire visual design has been put on one of his colleagues and that they have to meet with this company like 2-3 times a week to explain things to them--again--and again.

After I explained what we do at Clean Coders, he was interested, but this being a corporate chemical company, there were some red-tape concerns.  Nonetheless, we decided to go forward with an introduction meeting.  This was on my birthday two weeks ago.  Then today we had our kick off discovery meeting, which I got to lead.  I explained our process was prepared with epics already laid out for them a vision that I could verbally excite them with.  I even got a few (in paraphrase) “yes!  That’s exactly what I’m looking for!” and one “Yes! I hadn’t even thought about that!”.  This is where the value of my past life comes in.

My friend called me immediately after, although after I was already on a post-discovery call with Micah & Nick, to tell me that he was really excited and that he thought it went really really well.  So...Cool!

I got enough information that I should be able to easily walk the group through all the stories as I had done for the previous one.  This time though, I was approached as opposed to ‘cold-calling’.  They already want this, they just don’t know how to go about getting it without extensive effort in explaining what they need and training the developers on the processes.  I can see the whole thing in my head on both sides, and it’s amazing.  The neurons going off in my head are so easily sliding right back into that old world of mine and returning the critical information that neurons are then translating into what we need to know on the developers’ side.

It’s incredible!

Like I can’t even explain this feeling or what’s going on in my head to be able to do that--to see & know their vision without them even telling it to me and then converting that vision into what we need to develop it.

I know, I’m totally tooting my own horn again. I’m really excited--i feel a little bad putting Micah & Nick through this again--me explaining all the stories, but at least this time, like I mentioned, they actually have a true want for it. They sought us out.

And even Micah said, after this call that, this process will definitely be really efficient for them, **because** I already understand it all and can speak in the same dimension.   The previous estimate that we wrote, took two days with me explaining the need & the vision to Micah & Nick--granted, that process is actually pretty complex and complicated--this one’s not, but there are a lot of parameters that go into it. I mean, the one piece of data that I felt like I really needed from them was ‘how many outfalls do you have’, which i was kicking myself for not remembering.

That being said, I can’t imagine that this one will take as long to explain to my partners. This one, while more data, is a little more straight forward--though there is some math and some statistical analysis, but math is easy and standardized--nothing needs to be invented there.

And as for the vision, I’m really excited to watch Nick turn that into something visual--that is, if they actually accept the proposal.  Nick can turn words into pictures, which is a skill, I absolutely do not have, and he’s efficient and really good at it. He’s amazed a couple times as people speak and he draws, and then suddenly there’s this visual image of exactly what you were saying--only better than you’d imagined. And he knows how the software works with it, so he’s experienced in designing based on both what the client sees and what is actually feasible in the realm of software.

I’m nervous that we’ll spend another day or two on this one and then never get a call about it or have them go a different way, but I suppose that is what customer sales is--the sellers invest a lot for a hopeful yes, and you don’t always get the yes. I think this one will go more efficiently though.

I’m really excited--again. This is cool. I’m so happy with what I know and what I’ve known, and that I can merge those together. Ok. I’ll stop.

---

Rex:
Rex has been agreeable lately, and when he is, he says “alright” with the cutest little twang. Our friends have always given us an elbow poke that we have ‘cajun babies’, but as my mom & dad actually pointed out a couple months ago, Rex has a southern accent. I finally noticed it like last week, that he totally does! His little ‘alright’, so matter-of-factly and with agreeance is so cute and so southern-twanged. Oh man, if that kid ever lives in the north--if we can keep some of our northern customs in him--with his chiseled 3 year-old abs, his dark-olive skin, and his cute cajun twang, whoo, the girls better watch out. This kid is gonna break hearts!


Leo:
Speaking of breaking hearts, Leo’s little dimple has his whole daycare wrapped around his finger. I’ve gotten like two or three compliments just this week about his little single dimple and his toothy smile. Leo is learning to share right now, and while he doesn’t like sharing, he accommodates--sometimes.
