---
layout: post
title: For Chihuahua, I Write Javanese
date: 2020-11-18
---

I hate to say it, but i don’t even know what to write about this evening.  I finished redoing the socket we’d done a couple weeks ago only to then realize that it doesn’t really seem to even be what I need.  So then I started working on a http socket type thing.  That would have gone fine except there is only an HttpServer object and no HttpSocket object, chihuahua (okay that was supposed to be ‘which’, but i had a typo and google corrected it to chihuahua, so I’m keeping it, but read ‘which’) rattled me for a while.

Then all the http classes and things i need within Javanese (okay, that was a weird autocorrect also, but eerily appropriate, so I’m definitely keeping it) are all either abstract or interfaces for which (ay chihuahua!) I can’t do instances.  

I read through the example code provided to me by my mentor and even read through the library’s functions to understand what they are doing and which java functions they are using.  Then i found an HttpURLConnect function on my own within the javadocs.  This seems good, but all i have is a URI, and all the conversion functions I can find are third-party libraries and thus disallowed, soI will have to figure out how to ‘wrap’, i think, it into a URL.  

I spent far too long on learning this http Javanese (ok, that was deliberate).  Tomorrow, I think I’m going to focus on the actual tests that need to pass.  I think I feel stuck because I feel like I need the server or at least a mock server to do any of the other tests, but maybe that’s not true—it’s probably not if it’s anything like GuesserGame or even TicTacToe.  For TTT, i was dead set on having a GUI before I had any production code, and after all said and done, that actually ended up hurting me I think.  So maybe if I focus on the other tasks at hand, the server will come to me in the end...maybe….  All for which, I will learn to write Java.

***
Rex & Leo:  My two baby kings, Rex of the dinotrux and Leo of the jungle, if you ever read this, I’m sorry I haven’t spent much time with you during the week lately (and may not get to this weekend), but know that I love you more than everything and you both impress me and inspire me everyday!

