---
layout: post 
tags: apprenticeship
categories: apprenticeship
title: Ny-dra-gen!
date: 2020-08-03
---

I’ve said it before, but I think i got it…  I was frustrated that i kept winning against the computer if the computer played first.  Like it was worse when it had the better position.  I finally found my mistake in the loop. 

In the first iteration, it didn’t test the board for an end-of-game, it placed a ‘temporary’ piece in each box and then tested for end-of-game.  This worked fine for 1, 2, or 3 open boxes, but more than that, it started returning off limb boxes.  So if there were 4 boxes open, it would place a piece in the first box, then check for wins, then ask for the max if it was currently player 2 or the min if it was player 1.  This made sense in the flow, but from the perspective of the temporary board, it was now player 2’s turn, so i needed to be looking for mins not maxes.  This is hard to explain, but i kept messing it up as i was drawing it out and then finally saw it.

Anyway, i spent a lot of the day starting my algorithm over again but with better tests.  While it feels like a wasted day because I ended up with the exact same algorithm, i trust my tests a lot more now--they are a lot more organized, and i think they are working.

I’m finishing this thing tomorrow.  Everything works.  It’s done.  It still needs clean up…  And i messed some stuff up while cleaning it up this weekend, so I have to fix it now too.

***
Rex:  
Picture this image: There’s 2 & a half year old holding both his arms in a “Y” shape over his head, grinning ear-to-ear, and gazing upward while spinning around & around in a relatively dense white cloud, crying “Ny-dra-gen!  It’s Ny-dra-gen!”.  Music to a ChemE’s ears for sure…

Every weekend, Rex & I go on a date to get “soup and ice cream”--sometimes Leo comes too.  Rex gets excited for this event and even asked for “soup & ice cream” mid week last week.  

The soup is ramen from a restaurant called Jinya--it is amazing!  The ice cream that we get is by a place called Creamistry.  Their ice cream is actually high quality, and so I’ve forgiven this misleading name--there is no actual chemistry involved in their gimmick, which is to use liquid N2 (an inert molecule) to simply achieve a phase change of the cream from liquid to solid.  Anyway... 

Each week, as the N2 is opened and allowed to pour out of the tap, I wonder if the employees are knowledgeable about the hazards of N2, but only until a cloud spills over the bowl and finally over the counter where it is within reach for a curious 2.5 year old.  Next week, I will try to get a video of this. 

Leo:  
Leo is in a phase of his own right now.  Definitely in a developmental leap at the moment.  He is only happy if I am holding him and sometimes for the span of two to three minutes of play time on the floor with Rex--provided I am within view and don’t leave.  The moment I walk away, cry!!  Then he tries to find me, and when he does, he now ‘run-crawls’ where his limbs can’t quite crawl as fast as he wants to go, and so he tumbles over.  The poor baby; he’s in a delicate stage right now and I’m not always as patient with him as I should be--sometimes I just want to have two arms to put away the dishes or use a knife to make him a snack.
