---
layout: post 
categories: apprenticeship
title: it works!
date: 2020-07-30
---

TTT!  It works and it cannot be beat--or at least, i can’t beat it…  Oh this is so exciting!  It was weird, because i had 3 connected tests that were failing over & over, and then I made the magical tweak (switching max to min), and all of a sudden, all my testa passed.  I was actually in disbelief at first. I had to set one of my tests to fail to see if the other two still passed in order to believe it.  They did!  And then i set that failing test to pass, and it did!  Then i wired up the rules with my little clojure interface and played, and I couldn’t win!

I’m so excited!  I can’t even describe the pride & excitement.

Tomorrow I plan to clean it up, get the functions nicer, get the dependencies corrected and in some cases flipped, and then tie it back into my Java GUI.  Hopefully by the end of the day, I’ll have a decent enough product to send to out for review.  I’m excited!

I also watched my dad’s 6th video: part one of TDD.  Between this & TTT, I think I really get the drive for TDD.  It’s nice that I know my TTT works, and tomorrow when I clean it up & rearrange it & turn one of my nasty long complicated fors into a map (that which i had a sudden epiphany could be done while rocking Leo to sleep), it will be really nice to know that the tests are there to spot my every move so I don’t horrifically break it as I tear it up.  Because of my tests, I’m not afraid to clean it or completely dissect it and sew it back together.  I think I’m a believer--now I just need to get better at it.  Anyway, I’m excited for tomorrow.
