---
layout: post 
tags: apprenticeship
categories: apprenticeship
title: Snacks
date: 2020-08-04
---

Ok.  I got everything.  For real this time.  I’m tempted to go ahead and submit, but some of my functions are still a little long…  However, i added another namespace in my project for Board as a separate object, i guess, and this really helped to clean up my main ttt namespace.  

Everything looks a lot better except for those long functions.  

I also ran the thing in a loop today to run 20 games to make sure that when both players were playing optimally, the result was always a cat’s game.  This seems to work.  I guess I should say that I have the play-ttt function set up to take an argument for whether or not it is a test.  If it is, then it makes some assumptions to just run the game and if it is not, then it asks the user for an input.  I did this a couple days ago as a way to test some of my functions that were not testable prior to this as they took no arguments.

Then i spent some time trying to figure out how to tie my clojure into my java GUI.  HA!  Zero luck here, which is unfortunate because my java board is much prettier than the terminal.  I even made some modifications there--but to be honest that code is also pretty messy now…

I’m going to put my clj files on git even though they are not quite finished, because they work.  From here, I can modify and make it better, but i think it’s good enough at this point to upload.

Tomorrow, i’ll clean it up a little more, re-commit it, and probably seek help on merging the two projects.  

Because i had the gui separate, it’s actually been interesting for me to see the de-coupling of the namespaces & classes.  While i don’t think they would just plug-in to each other at this point, i had that in mind a little here and there, so at least clojure, i think most everything is pretty independent.  Maybe…

***
Rex:  
This past weekend on our date, Rex & I walked through Barnes & Noble on our way to get ramen.  He was looking backwards while walking forward and walked directly into a magazine stand.  He shook it off, took a step back, and analyzed what had suddenly materialized in his path.  There was a picture of a football player flying through the air reaching to catch the football.

Rex pointed at the football and said, “I want to play with that football.”  I explained that the football was part of the magazine and that we had a football he could play with at home. 

He looked back at the magazine and said, “I want to be [a] man.”

“Oh, you will be.  You will be a great man!”

“Okay!”

Leo:  
No sleep for this king of the jungle--or his mother…  This kid woke up at 9:30PM last night.  I brought him out to watch tv with me & Keith to see if he would go back to sleep while laying on one of us.  Nope.  He wanted to crawl and play and eat snacks including old cheerios, dog bones, & leaves off the floor.  He was also open to climbing mommy & daddy and trying to throw himself over the back of the couch.  You’d think this was all a bit annoying (and it was…), but every minute or so while he’d sit on the floor playing, he’d look back at me and give me a dashing smile showing off his adorable single dimple.
