---
layout: post 
categories: apprenticeship
Title: Wednesday, March 11, 2020
date: 2021-03-11
---

My small stash of supplies including bottled water, non-perishables, and a few other items
came in on Tuesday from Walmart & Wednesday from Amazon.  I shoved them 
all under the guestroom bed.  I put them there for two reasons.  

One was so that we wouldn’t accidentally eat them prior 
to the upcoming apocalypse, and two because I didn’t want 
Keith to find them right away because, well one, I money 
is a little tight, but mostly because I know that he would think, 
in the most loving way a husband can, that I had actually 
completely lost it--I'm close as is with this new work-life balance situation and
the ongoing postpartum depression.

*{present day comment: keith finally found my stash last December as he was packing for 
this recent move--i got a call about it…  At least by that point, I could laugh 
about it and happily eat my little fruit bars that sounded so good at the time of purchase.}* 

Keith and I finalized our plans for this weekend.  We have a wedding in 
New Orleans on Saturday--our 5th wedding anniversary.

While I still don't think this whole corona virus is any reason to freak out,
I am a little concerned about this wedding because they are saying to limit
social gatherings of more than like 50 people.  This wedding no doubt will not
have less than a hundred, but it's important that we are there--Keith is standing
in it afterall.   

The plan is for Keith to go down on Friday for the rehearsal dinner.  I'm not quite ready to leave my
5 month old for an entire weekend, so I will stay home with them on Friday
and meet Keith in Nola on Saturday.  Our friends, Matt & Brett will be joining us
on Saturday and will hang out with the boys Saturday night while Keith & I are at the wedding.
