---
layout: post 
categories: apprenticeship
Title: We Moved!
date: 2021-02-02
---

I’ve been pretty good about writing everyday throughout this journey, but I have to admit that this past week was a little busy and I missed a couple.  I already mentioned the in-person utilities & the inspection last week, not to mention all the sporadic packing.  This was the big weekend though!  The move!

My parents got into town Thursday evening.  On Friday, i worked a little in the morning, then went to sign on our new home.  Keith had to go back to the plant immediately following.

When i got back home(?), i wanted to take my parents to go see our new home.  We ended up staying there the rest of the day while my dad went back & forth collecting boxes and knick-knacks (why are there “k”’s in that?) from the old house and bringing them to the new.  At the end of the day, i was tired…

Saturday was the big day!  Keith was able to take the day off (though it was not without reservation about doing so), but it was great.  The moving company dropped several boxes (twice) then didn’t secure drawers as they were moving them, the boys just wanted to open boxes and throw stuff and stand in the immediate path of the movers, so i sought out to get help with them.  After I became too overwhelmed at the old house (it only took like an hour & a half), i opted to take the boys and our helper to the new house to start unpacking and keeping busy there.  

Rex immediately took to our new back yard, and his favorite new toy is the dirt by the gazebo entrance.  He played in that dirt with his little excavator, dump truck, and a monster truck for, i kid you not, for **hours**! 

By the end of the day, i was ***very*** ready for the movers to be done and to leave.  That time finally came!  Sunday, Keith had to go back to work, and my parents & I spent the day shuffling yet more items from old house to new all whilst also unpacking at the new.  It was a lot.  But (!!!!) both boys napped!  Go figure!  Rex actually fell asleep on our new loungers that we got with the house while watching the gigglebelly trucks (this is a show where the trucks are really cute, but the original characters & scenery is 100% terrifying & made of psychedelic nightmares).  

All in all, my parents were nothing less than lifesavers that I hadn’t realized we desperately needed it’s weekend.  The two of them were rockstars, and worked from dawn til dusk everyday on their feet moving boxes and stuff and and unpacking and organizing, and doing everything that I really don’t have the skills to do—i truly suck at organizing—I truly wholeheartedly, but it always ends up getting taken apart.  They were amazing, and I’m so glad that they were here, and am now super sad that they are gone. 

They left this morning, but not until they unpacked & organized the entire kitchen, the boys’ room, the living room, most of the dining room, and set up all the room-exterior closets.  I was amazed at how good they were at it, and am still just so grateful that they were here and willing to take charge of all of that—we’d have been lost other wise.

Today, i got to work!.  I got my board fully functioning on with mathematically correct & proportionately I responding pieces!  I started on the game play.  I’m most certainly behind as I’d estimated being done by today, but moving definitely got in the way…. nonetheless, i still think i might be able to finish it all to at least a working status tomorrow.

***
Rex:  
I’ve mentioned that Bobby is Rex’s best friend, and that absolutely remains true today and afrter this weekend.  When i picked the boys up from school, the first thing Rex asked and with a very concerned & understanding tone was “where are gramma & Bobby?”  “They went home honey”.  “No!  I don’t want them to be home!  I want them to be here!”.  I felt his sadness and gave him a hug.  

Rex also loves this new house.  When we started the ride “home” from school, he asked where we are going.  I told him “home”.  He cried “No!  I don’t want to go home!”  “Where do you want to go?”  “I just want to go to the new home!”  Then he asked if he could play in the dirt.  Smile


Leo:  
Leo struggled a little with this move at first.  He loves the outside too, but didn’t really understand what was going on and didn’t want to be in his new room--you know, new place, new sounds, new smells--it’s scary.  So he struggled to sleep on nights 1 & 2, but I think he’s finally getting used to it all now.  

Tails:
Tails on the other hand, only wants to get in the car and go home.  She is very confused and stressed--a lot of big things have changed for her in the last month & a half: she lost her sister resulting in her becoming and only-pup--this is a serious struggle for an omega-status dog who depends on having an alpha.  She hasn’t really been the same dog since Brusly died.  Shortly after, her whole family left for a week, but that might as well have been forever in her opinion.  Then there were boxes getting stacked and strangers coming over all the time.  Finally, on Saturday she was put in the car and taken to a strange new place, and even though she has mastered and likes her dog door, all she really wants is to go home. 

Every time the car door opens, she jumps in the car--even if she can’t fit, she’ll find a way.  She’s whimpering a lot and really just doesn’t know what to do with herself.  I wish Brusly could have come to this house--she would have loved this house and yard and would have done great with the dog door.  She being here, i know, would help Tails out  tremendously.  

