---
layout: post 
tags: apprenticeship
categories: apprenticeship
Title: Monday, March 09, 2020
date: 2021-03-09
---

Today we got Louisiana announced their first confirmed case of a Coronoa Virus infection--or is it Co-Vid 19--what's the difference?

At work, our managers tried to calm us and tell us that this is no big deal and that we should all remain calm.  Do wash your hands
and keep a little more distance, but no need to panic.

My mom called me that night a little distressed about it all and told me that I should have a get-away bag stocked
and have at least two weeks of food, water, & supplies on 
hand.  Fortunately for me, I am forgetful and thus there 
had been several months I’d forgotten to skip my shipments 
from Amazon Subscribe & Save for necessities like toilet paper, 
lysol wipes, dog food, cat food, toothpaste, floss, diapers, make-up, 
walnut oil, tofu, wall-plugins, & whatever other necessities I had in my 
subscription.

Honestly, i probably could have been arrested for an act of hoarding publicly necessary supplies with the stockpile of tp & lysol wipes i had in my utility closet--i offered them out and gave out several packs later on.  Nonetheless, i choice to appease my mom--I mean what could it hurt--and order some extra water & non-perishables.

I told her to calm down, and that if it would make her feel better, 
I would get a small stash of additional food supplies.  

Keith was concerned about me taking on anymore added stress.  He knew all too well that I was already at a mental & emotional limit.
I'd only returned to work about 2 months ago after maternity leave, and I
was struggling to find balance between work and this new 
life that now included a second child at only 5 months old 
on top of the previously existing 2 years old.  These stresses most
certainly added to the postpartum depression that wouldn't seem to leave me be.

I made a small order for supplies.
  