---
layout: post
title: Nuggets
date: 2020-09-03
---

I can hardly believe that Leo is 11 months today.  The events of the last 11 months seem to have shrunken this year.

In any case, today was another good day, I think.  I made some progress on my presentation.  That should be easy enough to finish up by tomorrow.  I also got one recording of my bowling kata completed.  I should be able to do another & better iteration again tomorrow.  And, I made more progress with TTT!  I think i may actually understand this stuff.  I think i have every function set up independently using polymorphism within my main ttt game, which was necessary to get the game to print in the terminal gui when the game run but to not print in tests.  It was necessary because they were so connected before.  The namespace that was running the game also printed out the game in the terminal.  

While decoupling, I also followed the tests too, which I was impressed with, because until today, I’ve not really been able to do that step by step with a concept any more complicated than bowling or prime numbers. 

Once I got that fully decoupled, I was finally able to start working on the terminal gui to eliminate the print-outs in those tests, actually test the user inputs, and handle bad user inputs.  More tomorrow, but today felt like progress again.

***
Rex:  
Rex only ever wants to eat nuggets.  So for dinner on Monday we had shrimp-nuggets; on Tuesday we had meatball-nuggets; yesterday we had steak-nuggets; and today i think, we are going to have taco-nuggets, but i think he will accept the term taco-sausage also.  

Leo:  
Leo always wants to eat anything.  I think i’ve mentioned the cat litter before…  Today it was old dog food and left-over squares that Rex leaves behind, and of course anything he can find in the carpet.  argh!

