---
layout: post
title: Spilling
date: 2020-12-28
---

Both my poor little boys “spilled” tonight.  One right after the other.  “Spilled” is Rex’s word for vomit.  He’s only spilled, well now, it’s been 3 occurrences in his life.  The first was in match when he had some stomach bug that caused him to “spill” on miss Cassie and spill on mommy.  The second was in Micah’s yellow airplane after too many SunChips, and the third was tonight, likely due to another stomach bug.  

About ten, maybe twenty minutes after Rex spilled, i heard Leo cough, and gag, and in turn, spill his entire dinner into his crip.  Leo spilled two more times—though the next two times he stayed asleep, which is kind of scary—good he was on his stomach… 

Poor little dudes.  Anyway, that’s why I’m writing so late

We are actually up north again at my in-law’s cabin.  We were on the fence about coming, but in the end decided to come—despite knowing there was a bug going on—i may have second guessed that decision now.  

I have a little office i can work in, which is nice.  In which, today, i got fully connected to my server and passed two tests.  One required no new mods to the server, and the second required no mods, but a new responder registry, which was a little but of a task, but with a little help, and then some perseverance, i got it going.  From there, I’m making progress.  I will refrain from using the term ‘on-track’ as I’ve used that term in the past as a term for progress even when I’ve been behind schedule. 

I am currently behind schedule—mostly due to the holidays, but nonetheless, i am making progress, so i will keep on trekking forward.
